Update summary.md (#20905)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/summary.md

[Learn more about tagging][5].

> ### Metrics Related Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Metrics Related Assets
```

>  Metrics related assets refers to any dashboard, notebook, monitor or SLO that queries a particular metric. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine the value of any metric name to your organization, use Metrics Related Assets. Metrics related assets refers to any dashboard, notebook, monitor or SLO that queries a particular metric. 

{{< img src="metrics/summary/IMAGEHERE.JPG" alt="Metrics Related Assets" style="width:75%;">}}
```

> 1. Scroll down to the bottom of the metric’s details sidepanel, landing on the ‘Related Assets’ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scroll down to the bottom of the metric's details sidepanel to the "Related Assets" section
```

2. Click the dropdown button to view the type of related asset you’re interested in (i.e. dashboards, monitors, notebooks, SLOs). You can additionally leverage the search bar to quickly validate specific assets.
   

> This information is also available via the Metrics APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information is also available via API here. 
```

Make sure to link to the API directly
